>> Estelle Weyl: Okay, so
let's go back to generated content.
So we have quotes.
That was one of the options,
which was beginning quote and end quote.
And so here when you hit,
it's supposed to have a quote,
you can say the first quote at
the opening is this type of quote and
at the end is that type of quote.
But if it's nested, give me option
number three and number four.
So the first one is typical US,
which is double quotes on either side and
then single quotes on a nested quote.
In France, when you quote something,
you would have angle brackets,
a double angle bracket on
the outside of a quote.
And if there was a quote
nested on the inside,
you would have an angled apostrophe.
And then you say basically
quote before and quote after.
So if you have a quote within a quote,
and here's an example of it via CodePen.
So as she lay on her pillow, she whispered
in my ear, did you feed the cats?
Cuz it's romantic.
So here we have an inner quote and
then the outer quote.
And then if it's in
French, [FOREIGN].
So the outer quote is
a double angle bracket.
You see here in the end and
at the beginning.
And then the inner quote,
which is did you feed the cats, [FOREIGN],
is a single quote.
>> Estelle Weyl: So you can actually go
to CodePen and play around with that and
switch your languages.
Or actually, let's do change view and
do editor view.
And as you see here,
it just says qqqq, right?
And here it says language en,
a quote that comes.
>> Estelle Weyl: I didn't know that that
would be necessary, the greater than.
I'll just try this.
I don't know why I have the.
>> Estelle Weyl: It's still
loading down below, and
I won't be able to see live changes.
So let's just move on from this, but
you can play with it yourself later.
So no-close-quote is basically saying,
don't give a close quote.
And so all these quotes,
let's open in CodePen in a new window.
>> Estelle Weyl: So here,
>> Estelle Weyl: I'm
seeing on every paragraph right after it,
do not close the quote, right?
No close quote.
Except for the last of type,
close the quote.
So if I'm quoting a book, that would make
sense, cuz the whole thing's a quote and
then there's lots of quotes
on the inside and we're good.
So that's what no close quotes does,
is it basically says don't close a quote.
And then you can also do no quote and
then before it doesn't have a quote, okay?
So let's go back to generating content.
Basically, you're never gonna use this.
This is one of those things where
you don't need to memorize it.
Just know if you ever hit the issue,
there's something about quotes, right?
Okay, so
let's go back to Attribute Values.
We talked about this earlier.
So here it says, any href that starts
with http is usually an external link.
Make the position relative.
And then after it,
put content of the attribute,
the value of the href attribute.
Position that absolutely,
put it 1em from the top, left 0,
background color black,
color white, padding, line height.
This is a local example of
a quote because it's not
doing anything and
this is an external quote.
So let me Google that for you.
I saw someone with a let me
Google that for you sticker.
Let me Google that for
you css generated content.
Why did I position this relatively,
does anyone know?
>> Estelle Weyl: Why did I position
it relatively only on hover?
So I positioned it relatively on hover, so
first of all I positioned
it relatively because here,
the href itself,
because this is positioned absolutely.
And when you position something
absolutely, it's relative to its parent or
ancestor, nearest parent or
ancestor that is either positioned fix or
positioned absolute or relative but
not static and static is the default.
So I need to have it positioned
relative or something similar.
Otherwise, it would be in the upper
left-hand corner of that whole slide.
So that's why we did that.
But why did I do it on hover?
The reason I did it on hover only,
and not always,
is because if something is positioned
relatively, it has a new stacking context.
And so it'll appear like it
has a higher [INAUDIBLE], and
stuff will not be able to go on top of it.
So only when I hover it do I actually
give it a position of relative.
Cuz if it had a position of relative
all the time, it would basically be
sticking on top of other content,
if like I had a module over it.
So let's play with this one.
>> Estelle Weyl: We're not gonna stop.
We'll just take 30 seconds and
play with it and see how you can style it.
And just basically say,
like if we do this and
get rid of this part, then.
We have to get rid of this part there.
You see?
You don't actually want to show that.
But you do wanna show where this goes.
So ten more seconds, and
then we'll continue on to the next one.